all right so I'm here to talk about
eating one meal a day to lose weight and
I know everybody's gonna say it's so
unhealthy it's so bad for you you're
gonna mess up your metabolism you're
going to end up gaining more weight once
you start eating regularly I've heard
all this I've read it on a million
websites but I've kind of had experience
doing this before and it's worked for me
so I just kind of want to tell people
about it a little bit you know give my
own outlook on it right now I'm eating
one mill a day to lose weight I was at
125 and for three weeks now I've just
been being the one mill and now I'm down
to 116 so I've lost nine pounds and I've
also cut out all junk food so no cake no
cookies no potato chips no crackers none
of that
and I've also cut out all soda so the
only thing I've been drinking is water
and then just my one meal a day
I've lost nine pounds in three weeks my
goal is to get down to 105 or 109 around
there I would like to be skinnier than
that but that's my goal okay I have had
lunch twice now once the first week and
then once last week and occasionally if
I just can't take the hunger anymore
because I'm so hungry I will have like a
little turkey stick or something some
with some protein in it but I will say
you do need to make sure you eat some
carbs because twice now I've gone like
four or five days with just protein you
know no carbs at all and I started
feeling so weak just no energy so make
sure you have some carbs in that one
meal okay now let me explain my past and
what happened when I did this before
okay now I what I did before was a lot
worse than what I'm doing now okay I was
18 years old I'm now about to be 25 but
eighteen years old staying at a
university I didn't have my driver's
license I didn't have a car it was in a
new city so I didn't know my way around
I didn't have a job I was going to
school full-time so I didn't have any
money all I had was my milk card through
the university so the only thing I could
eat was whatever would be in the cafe
which was downstairs from my dorm room
and you know it was the same stuff just
about every day chicken strips and fries
hot dogs and fried chicken strips and
fries like over and over and over again
I got sick of it I couldn't eat it
anymore I just got so sick of it so by
the second semester I couldn't hardly
force myself to eat anything you know I
would have maybe one chicken strip a day
if I could force myself to eat it well
at this time I my boyfriend was overseas
in Iraq and I started ditching class so
that I could talk to him all the time
when he was free and due to the time
zone difference because you know Iraq is
like eight hours ahead of us I started
sleeping throughout the day at very odd
hours well turns out when I would be
sleeping was when the cafe would be open
when I would wake up it would be closed
so that at that time all I could find
the e was whatever I could scrounge out
the vending machine down the hallway
which was normally one bag of Chex Mix
if I had change if I didn't have any
change
I need anything for the day nothing and
I did this for about two and a half to
three months and I will say that I did
eat regular meals on the weekends
because I visited my family every
weekend my mom would cook usually a meat
starch and a veggie you know composed
her meals and so for about two and a
half to three months I lost about 15
pounds
I weighed 108 when the year started and
by the end I weighed 93 all right and
you know I hadn't weighed 93 pounds
since junior high
and I know people are going to freak out
when they say oh my god 93 pounds she
anorexic what's wrong with her I'm only
four foot nine
okay I'm under five foot I've always
been small
I've always been short just always okay
so for me 93 pounds is average it really
is just because I'm so short you know
that summer I moved back in with my
family I switched schools closer to home
so I didn't need to be in the dorm room
I started eating regular meals two meals
a day sometimes I would have a snack I
didn't put on weight for three years you
know I mean it would fluctuate from 93
to 98 pounds you know but I didn't get
over 100 ever stayed at my weight for
three years I didn't exercise I didn't
eat healthy I'm one of the pickiest
eaters you will ever meet seriously like
I can eat salads if they don't have
cheese on them or dressing I can eat
green beans I can eat corn I can maybe
force myself to eat spinach I like
onions that about sums it up okay I also
don't like fish I am the picky eater
so I don't eat healthy I have since
gained weight but that's only because
I'm married now and when my husband
first got together all we ate was fast
food fast food takeout pizza
you know restaurants that was it and you
know now I cook I cook a regular full
meal we don't hardly ever eat out we
couldn't afford to eat out even if we
wanted to and so yeah I did gain weight
and it was just from right eating habits
and when we started dating I was 95
pounds and when I started this diet I
was at around 25 this was this has been
a three-year relationship so far so
anyway so yeah I've lost nine pounds so
far just from eating one meal a day I'm
not exercising it's not a healthy meal
it's just a regular meal okay so
I've had pizza you know uh some nights
let's see
I'd stew last night
just regular meals you know not healthy
stuff and it's working for me I'm
periodically I will post a video on here
so that people can see how it's going
I'm still losing weight or if I start
gaining weight or if I gave up
altogether because I am very hungry
it's kind of torture that is working so
if anybody has any questions or comments
you know feel free to post try not to be
rude please I don't like rude comments
try not to criticize too much just be
polite if that's possible you know if
there's some polite people out there
just try to be polite all right